# Git Practice
A simple project to practice a few git/github workflows.  Replace the contents of this file with the contents indicated in the [instructions](./instructions.md).

## Learning about Netflix's Developer Productivity Engineering
https://thenewstack.io/developer-productivity-engineering-at-netflix/

As a Computer Science student, one interesting aspect of Netflix's philosophy is that they have 15% of their entire engineering organization (450 people!) whose sole purpose is to making the lives of developers better - which is vastly more than most companies do. But for me, what I found to be the coolest part was the way they measured success. Rather than the typical metrics of lines of code and bugs, they actually asked developers "Would you be sad to leave Netflix's tooling behind?" and "Would you encourage your friends to work here based on the tooling?" This is such a stark contrast from productivity theatre I've seen in other organizations. I loved their concept of a "paved path" - this is, supported well-behaved defaults for common use cases, while also enabling you to go off-road. What got me thinking was how they divided responsibilities - Koehler's team is responsible for everything up to CI for build and testing (but halts before deploy) while her counterpart manages delivery and observability. This idea of separating concerns was so natural from a software architecture perspective. The fact that they are creating an "end-to-end developer front door" - which is basically a singular place to tun your software - is the kind of internal tooling work I've always wanted to do! As long as I've spent too many late nights fighting the various idiosyncrasies with build configurations and deployment pipelines, the thought of having dedicated internal customer support engineers working to remove these everyday barriers sounds glorious. Further, the notion to abstract away all the "Netflix-isms" so that developers can focus on problem-solving and not "how to deploy their app in Netflix" registered with me as I have also struggled to juggle different infrastructure in class projects.